Go Won: Today is the filming day for Olivia Hye part
Olivia Hye: However, it's raining outside...
Go Won: Rain is following her always!
Go Won: You know? The possibility of rain was 0% today...
Go Won: Ii was 0%~~
Olivia Hye: There is an exception always!
(Because of unexpected rain, the filming started indoors!)
Olivia Hye: There were stairs when I filmed [Egoist]
Olivia Hye: Also there were stairs when we filmed [love4eva]
Go Won: When we climbed a diving board...
Go Won: We climbed up a lot
Olivia Hye: That's the reason why I am Olivia Hye
(This joke is very suitable for the youngest member of the neanthropic chromosome unit...)
(Olivia Hye... She's going up the stairs)
Go Won: Hye~ fighting~
Go Won: She's not here, so I'm gonna send a video message~
Go Won: You know, my shooting was over~
Go Won: I know you’re doing well alone, right?
Go Won: Anyway, fighting! Bye~
Olivia Hye: Actually, I really love to film on stairs like this
Go Won: Really?
Olivia Hye: Yes…
Olivia Hye: Go up a step
Olivia Hye: Ah, you already did?
Go Won: Yes, we’re on the same step
Olivia Hye: Oh, sorry~
(They’re on the same step!)